(DOCSP-28553): Release notes - 16 March 2023 (#390)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/release-notes/backend.txt

2023 Releases
-------------

.. _backend_20230315:

15 March 2023 Release
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Expiration times for user refresh tokens can be :ref:`configured from the UI

>   <TODO: DOCSP-27081>`.

Author: will add ref once know what it is

Author: ```suggestion
  <refresh-token-expiration>`.
```

- Change the email address associated with email/password authentication via an
  :admin-api-endpoint:`Admin API endpoint <operation/adminResetUserEmail>`
- :ref:`Device Sync is automatically paused <mongodb-service-limitations-sync-inactive-pause>`
  if it is inactive for 30 days.

> - Updated all existing apps using Atlas Device Sync with Flexible Sync to

Reviewer: I have one minor question about wording for this one. Is this effectively an automatic migration to a new app/config structure? I wonder if we want to link to [the "Unified Rules System" section](https://docs-atlas-staging.mongodb.com/atlas-app-services/docsworker-xlarge/DOCSP-28553/rules/sync-compatibility/#unified-rules-system) on that page, which goes into detail about the changes, and be more explicit that "Updated all existing apps" was some sort of automatic migration.

Author: sounds good to me. didn't know that page existed 😄

>   :ref:`use the same rules and permissions <device-sync-compatibility>` as other services.

Author: ```suggestion
  :ref:`use the same rules and permissions as other services <unified-rule-migration>`.
```
